feat(jenkins-plugins): Add support for custom registries (#25358)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/jenkins/readme.md

The Jenkins manager supports a custom text or YAML format of the plugin list as described [here](https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-tool#plugin-input-format).

> Versions from the main [Jenkins update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/) are used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate gets the versions from the main [Jenkins update center](https://updates.jenkins.io/).
```
